[PRA-309] Update docs for s3-integrator 2/stable and multi-track awareness (#237)
canonical/spark-k8s-bundle: docs/how-to/advanced-scheduling.md

A single Juju model can contain applications deployed over different architectures.

```{note}

> Make sure to use the correct track (eg, 3.4, 3.5, 4.0) for the version of Apache Spark that you'd like to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to use the correct track (e.g., 3.4, 3.5, 4.0) for the version of Apache Spark that you'd like to use.
```
